#labels Featured
{{{
**************************************************************
*** Ashikabi1's Minecraft Mod Set
**************************************************************
Here is my current mods for Ashikabi1 gameplay for MC1.5.1. 
Install by using the steps below.

INCLUDED MODS:
  [1.5.1]ReiMinimap_v3.3_04
  ComputerCraft1.52
  Flans Mod 2.2 
  Flans Mod Modern Weapons Pack
  Flans Mod Nerf Pack 1.1 for Flans Mod 2.2
  HealthBars 1.0 for MC 1.5.1
  minecraftforge-universal-1.5.1-7.7.1.611
  Minions_1.5.1
  OptiFine_1.5.1_HD_B1
  Ruins_1.5.1
  TreeCapicitor


**************************************************************
*** HOW TO INSTALL MINECRAFT FORGE WITH HD SUPPORT FOR START
**************************************************************
FIRST: Delete your existing .minecraft (back it up first!) "C:\Users\<USERNAME>\AppData\Roaming\.minecraft"
then download 1.5.1-mccustominstall.zip and extract to a temporary location.

1) Download and run Minecraft.exe, after title screen appears, press 'Quit Game' button. 
http://minecraft.net/download
2) Run mcpatcher-3.x.x.exe from the 1.5.1-mccustominstall folder .
3) Uncheckmark all mods shown in mcpatcher.
4) Mods->Add (or + button) and select the 
"1.5.1-mccustominstall\patches\minecraftforge-universal-1.5.xxxx.zip" to open
5) Make sure top level is selected and click OK.
6) Press the 'Patch" button.
7) Press "Test Minecraft" button and Forge should load for the first time.
8) Time to install the 'OptiFine HD standard' for better HD texture support; Mods->Add (or + button) 
and select the "\patches\OptiFine_1.x.x_HD_B1.zip" to open
9) Make sure top level is selected and click OK.
10) A Conflict will be detected but press Yes to "Only the files from OptiFine_1.5.1_HD_B1 will be used."
11) Press "Test Minecraft" button and Forge should load and OptiFine showing installed.

Stopping here is fine and would leave you with the basic Forge install with OptiFine HD support. 
But proceed for the Ashikabi1 mod gameplay.

12) Mods->Add (or + button) and select the "[1.5.x]ReiMinimap_v3.x.zip" file to open and Make sure top level 
is selected and click OK.
13) Press the 'Patch" button
14) Follow steps 8 thru 11 for "ComputerCraft1.x.zip" and each mod-patch you want to install.

After installing the minecraft.jar patches, lets install the mods 
(these files could not be handled by mcpatcher)...
1) Copy all the zip files in "1.5.1-mccustominstall\mods" to "C:\Users\<USERNAME>\AppData\Roaming\.minecraft"
2) Right-click on the first mod .zip file you copied and execute: 7-Zip->Extract Here 
(if prompted to replace anything click Yes to all)
3) Delete the zip file you just extracted.
4) perform steps 2 and 3 until all mod files are extracted and deleted.
4) open minecraft cnd check to see if all mods loaded by the Forge ModLoader.

**************************************************************
*** TEXTUREPACKS
**************************************************************
Use https://mcmyvault.googlecode.com to restore texturepacks 
from your backup texturepack location
}}}